Deploying Rails: Automate, Deploy, Scale, Maintain, and Sleep at Night
by Tom Copeland and Anthony Burns
Today’s modern Rails applications have lots of moving parts. Make sure your next production deployment goes smoothly with this hands-on book, which guides you through the entire production process. You’ll set up scripts to install and configure all the software your servers need, including your application code. Once you’re in production, you’ll learn how to set up systems to monitor your application’s health, gather metrics so you can stop problems before they start, and fix things when they go wrong.
US$ 30.00
products/deploying-rails.jpg

The Rails View: Create a Beautiful and Maintainable User Experience
by John Athayde and Bruce Williams
Working in the Rails View layer requires a breadth of knowledge and attention to detail unlike anywhere else in Rails. One wrong move can result in brittle, complex views that stop future development in its tracks. Break free from tangles of logic and markup in your views and implement your user interface cleanly and maintainably.
US$ 35.00
products/the-rails-view.jpg

Agile Web Development with Rails (4th edition)
by Sam Ruby
Rails just keeps on changing. Rails 3 and Ruby 1.9 bring hundreds of improvements, including new APIs and substantial performance enhancements. The fourth edition of this award-winning classic has been reorganized and refocused so it’s more useful than ever before for developers new to Ruby and Rails.
US$ 43.95
products/agile-web-development.jpg

Crafting Rails Applications: Expert Practices for Everyday Rails Development
by José Valim
Rails 3 is a huge step forward. You can now easily extend the framework, change its behavior, and replace whole components to bend it to your will, all without messy hacks. This pioneering book is the first resource that deep dives into the new Rails 3 APIs and shows you how to use them to write better web applications and make your day-to-day work with Rails more productive.
US$ 33.00
products/crafting-rails-applications.jpg

The RSpec Book: Behaviour-Driven Development with RSpec, Cucumber, and Friends
by David Chelimsky, Dave Astels, Zach Dennis, Aslak Hellesøy, Bryan Helmkamp, Dan North
Behaviour-Driven Development (BDD) gives you the best of Test Driven Development, Domain Driven Design, and Acceptance Test Driven Planning techniques, so you can create better software with self-documenting, executable tests that bring users and developers together with a common language. Get the most out of BDD in Ruby with The RSpec Book, written by the lead developer of RSpec, David Chelimsky.
US$ 38.95
products/the-rspec-book.jpg

Programming Ruby 1.9 (3rd edition): The Pragmatic Programmers' Guide
by Dave Thomas, with Chad Fowler and Andy Hunt
Ruby is the fastest growing and most exciting dynamic language out there. If you need to get working programs delivered fast, you should add Ruby to your toolbox. This book is the only complete reference for Ruby 1.9, the very latest version of Ruby. (If you’re still using Ruby 1.8, you’ll want to check out the original PickAxe.) 2010 marks the 10th anniversary since the first edition of the PickAxe. We’re proud that throughout its history, we’ve continued to cover the latest version of Ruby.
US$ 49.95
products/programming-ruby.jpg

CoffeeScript: Accelerated JavaScript Development
by Trevor Burnham
CoffeeScript is JavaScript done right. It provides all of JavaScript’s functionality wrapped in a cleaner, more succinct syntax. In the first book on this exciting new language, CoffeeScript guru Trevor Burnham shows you how to hold onto all the power and flexibility of JavaScript while writing clearer, cleaner, and safer code.
US$ 29.00
products/coffeescript.jpg

Continuous Testing: with Ruby, Rails, and JavaScript
by Ben Rady and Rod Coffin
Feedback. We’re always telling you that you need feedback, with a short feedback gap — the time it takes to get feedback on your decisions, your code, your designs. Well, what if you narrowed the feedback gap to near zero while coding? You’d have continuous testing, a powerful idea that lets you fix bugs while they’re still small and fresh.
US$ 33.00
products/continuous-testing.jpg

Exceptional Ruby: Master the Art of Handling Failure in Ruby
by Avdi Grimm
Writing code that works is hard. Writing code that handles unexpected errors and still works is really hard. Most of us learn by trial and error. This short book removes the uncertainty. With over 100 pages of content and dozens of working examples, you’ll learn everything from the mechanics of how exceptions work to how to design a robust failure management architecture for your app or library. Whether you are a Ruby novice or a seasoned veteran, Exceptional Ruby will help you write cleaner, more resilient Ruby code.
US$ 17.50
products/exceptional-ruby.jpg

The Cucumber Book: Behaviour-Driven Development for Testers and Developers
by Matt Wynne and Aslak Hellesøy
Your customers want rock-solid, bug-free software that does exactly what they expect it to do. Yet they can’t always articulate their ideas clearly enough for you to turn them into code. The Cucumber Book dives straight into the core of the problem: communication between people. Cucumber saves the day; it’s a testing, communication, and requirements tool – all rolled into one.
US$ 30.00
products/the-cucumber-book.jpg